rm TestOutput.Txt
echo "Case1"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test1.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case2"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test2.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case3"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test3.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case4"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test4.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case5"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test5.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case6"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test6.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case7"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test7.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case8"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test8.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case9"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test9.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case10"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test10.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case11"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test11.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case12"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test12.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case13"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test13.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case14"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test14.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case15"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test15.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case16"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test16.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case17"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test17.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case18"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test18.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case19"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test19.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case20"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test20.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case21"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test21.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case22"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test22.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case23"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test23.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case24"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test24.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case25"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test25.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case26"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test26.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case27"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test27.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case28"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test28.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case29"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test29.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt
echo "Case30"|tee -a TestOutput.txt
./lexer Test30.l |tee -a TestOutput.txt


